Source Language File

Sources are read from special files that must follow specific formatting rules.
This document describes those rules.

Errata:
	Expressions may contain variables.
		Stored as double precision floating point.
		Scope is from its first use until the end of file.
		Initial value is 0 until assigned.
		Naming limitations:
			Must begin with a letter.
			May contain only letters and numbers.
			Must not be a name already in use by a register (r0..r7), an instruction, or a filter.
	Time statements have changed slightly:
		There are three implementations of a time statement:
			full, where the first expression is the start time and the second the end time:
				1, 2;
			short, where the start time is taken from the last used end time, and the end time is the expression following the comma:
				, 3;
			additive, where the start time is taken from the last used end time, and the end time is the start time plus the expression following the plus symbol:
				+1;

Interpreter
	A source file is opened, read in one pass, and closed.
	There is no flow control (loops, jumps).
	Random number parameters are generated per instance.

Comments
	There are two types of comments:
		single line comments
			these start with an apostrophe and end with the line
		block comments
			these start with a double quote " and end with another double quote "
	Everything within a comment is ignored.
	Block comments may be present anywhere without disrupting interpretation.
	Example comments:
		fill r1, 250; 'this is a comment
		sine r0 "destination register", 1 "magnitude", r1 "frequency register", 0 "phase";

Expressions
	Number:
		A number begins either with a zero 0 or a period . or a minus -
		A number may contain at most one period .
		A number may contain an exponent, indicated by a lower case e
			and followed immediately by an integer exponent.
		A number may contain the following symbols:
			0 through 9
			period .
			e followed by an exponent
		Example numbers:
			0
			7
			.125
			0.125
			1.25e-1
			-1.25e-1
			10.5e6
	Random:
		Uniform:
			A binary operator using the hash/pound symbol #
			The left operand is the inclusive lower bound,
			the right operand is the inclusive upper bound.
			The random number generated will be different for every instance of the source.
			Example uniform random numbers:
				0 # 1 ' the final number will be anywhere in [0, 1]
				5.1e6 # (2.5e6 * 1.2^5) ' any valid expression can be used as an operand
		Gaussian:
			A binary operator using the ampersat/at symbol @
			The left operand is the mean/mu,
			the right operand is the standard deviation/sigma.
			Example gaussian random numbers:
				0 @ 0.5 ' evaluates to a random number, normally distributed around 0, with a
					standard deviation of 0.5
				500 @ 20 ' evaluates to a random number, normally distributed around 500, with
					a standard deviation of 20

Time Statement
	A time statement is nameless and consists of up to two numbers, indicating
		respectively the start time and end time.
	The times in a time statement are used in all subsequent instructions that use
		such, until the next time statement.
	The start time and end time must be separated with a comma.
	The time statement must be ended with a semicolon.
	The first number may be omitted, leaving a comma and the second number.
		When this is done, the start time is assumed to be the previous end time.
		If there is not a previous end time, the start time will become 0.
	Example time statements:
		0, 1;
		.25, 1.5;
		,2; 'start time is assumed to be the previous end time, 1.5
		,2.5; 'start time is assumed to be the previous end time, 2

Instruction Command
	An instruction command is the name of an instruction and its parameters,
		ended by a semicolon.
	Instructions are performed in the order they are written in the source file.
	Parameters are seperated by a comma.
	Some parameters may be omitted, but only if the type can be inferred.
		When this is done, the last parameter in this or a previous instruction of
		the appropriate type is used.
		A seperating comma must still be used.
	Example instructions:
		fill r3, 0.25; 'fill is the name, r3 is the destination, 0.25 is the value
		mul r3, , r2; 'the second parameter is assumed to be r3 in this case
		add r0, r1, r3;

Filter Command
	A filter command is the name of a filter and its parameters, ended by a
		semicolon.
	The difference between an instruction and a filter is that a filter is
		performed after all instructions, and always on register 0.
	Filters are performed in the order they are written in the source file.
